fix(coachmark): correct invalid token pointers in pagination styles [CSS-1011] (#3292)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/lucky-experts-grow.md

---
"@spectrum-css/coachmark": minor
---

> Update coach mark pagination to use provided font-family; update font-weight & line-height references to existing tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update coach mark pagination to add `font-family`, using the existing custom property. And update the `font-weight` and `line-height` to reference the correct tokens.
```
